item.ItemCuendillar.name=Cuendillar
item.ItemDarkseal1.name=Seal One
item.ItemDarkseal2.name=Seal Two
item.ItemDarkseal3.name=Seal Three
item.ItemDarkseal4.name=Seal Four
item.ItemDarkseal5.name=Seal Five
item.ItemDarkseal6.name=Seal Six
item.ItemDarkseal7.name=Seal Seven
item.ItemKafbean.name=Kaf Bean
item.ItemPowerinfusedingot.name=Power Infused Ingot
item.ItemPowerdust.name=Power Dust
item.ItemAngelta.name=Angel Ter'Angreal
item.ItemFountainta.name=Fountain Ter'Angreal
item.ItemSunburst.name=Sunburst Emblem
item.ItemTabard.name=Plain Tabard
item.ItemWctabard.name=Whitecloak Tabard

tile.BlockCuendillar.name=Cuendillar Block
tile.BlockPowerore.name=Power Infused Ore


item.ItemKaf.name=Kaf
item.ItemMotai.name=Motai

item.ItemPowerPickaxe.name=Power Enhanced Pickaxe
item.ItemPowerAxe.name=Power Enhanced Axe
item.ItemPowerShovel.name=Power Enhanced Shovel
item.ItemPowerHoe.name=Power Enhanced Hoe
item.ItemPowerSword.name=Power Enhanced Sword

item.ItemwhitecloakHelm.name=Whitecloak Helmet
item.ItemwhitecloakBoots.name=Whitecloak Boots
item.ItemwhitecloakChest.name=Whitecloak Breastplate
item.ItemwhitecloakLegs.name=Whitecloak Leggings

itemGroup.tabWheelOfTime=Wheel Of Time

entity.Trolloc Mob.name=Trolloc
entity.Motai Mob.name=Motai

generator.WheelOfTime=Wheel Of Time
